Remove unused rateLimit on perforce connections (#58188)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- The GitHub Proxy service is no longer required and has been removed from deployment options. [#55290](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/55290)
- The VSCode search extension "Sourcegraph for VS Code" has been sunset and removed from Sourcegraph
  repository. [#58023](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/58023)

> - The `rateLimit` configuration for Perforce code host connections has been removed to avoid confusion, it was unused. [#1234](TODO)

Author: ```suggestion
- The `rateLimit` configuration for Perforce code host connections has been removed to avoid confusion, it was unused. [#58188](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/58188)
```
